Refactor code for better architecture on API (HMI interface). (#44)
IRT-Saint-Exupery/CoFMPy: docs/user_guide/helpers.md

## 📜 Available Helper Scripts

| Script Name                                                                           | Description                                                                                               |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [`cofmupy-extract-fmu`](#extracting-fmu-information-with-cofmupy-extract-fmu)         | Extracts and displays all metadata from an FMU file. Optionally it should export information to csv file. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`cofmupy-extract-fmu`](#extracting-fmu-information-with-cofmupy-extract-fmu)         | Extract and display all metadata from an FMU file. Optionally it should export information to csv file. |
```
(to be consistent with the two lines below)

| Value         | Expected value of the variable     |

This tool is particularly useful for complex co-simulations (many connections) or complex fmus (many inputs/ouputs).

---

### 📜 Usage
The `cofmupy-construct-config` script is executed from the command line with the following
syntax, `initializations_file` argument is optional:

```sh
cofmupy-construct-config <path_to_connections_file> [--initializations_file path_to_initializations_file]
```

This will extract information from input files and create `config.json` file ready to use for co-simulations
execution with CoFmuPy.

Extracted file `config.json` should then be manually edited to manage cosimulation options, data stream or storage

## 📦 Fetching Hmi with `cofmupy-fetch-gui`

The `cofmupy-fetch-gui` helper script is a command-line tool designed to **retrieve compliant Hmi application**. 

It parses all CoFmuPy-gui releases and check compliance with CoFmuPy API.
Compatible Hmi application is copied into web/dist directory.
Script use cache (user directory) to avoid multiple download for same release. If there are several compatible versions, it takes the latest one.

> Once Hmi application is present into web/dist, it could be served by flask server, which is started throw command `cofmupy-start-gui`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Hmi application is present into web/dist, it could be served by flask server, which is started through command `cofmupy-start-gui`
```
